Edits to PGD 5.5 release (#5610)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/routing.mdx

### `bdr.create_proxy`

> Create a proxy configuration.

Author: Can you just the single quotes vs. back ticks in this file? It seemed to use both, but I didn't want to "correct" single quotes to back ticks if that wasn't intended. I'd be happy to change them all to back ticks if that's correct.

Reviewer: "just the"? adjust the?

| `proxy_name` | text |           | Name of the new proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `node_group` | text |           | Name of the group to be used by the proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `proxy_mode` | text | `default` | Mode of the proxy. It can be `default` (listen_port connections follow write leader, no read_listen_port), `read-only` (no listen_port, read_listen_port connections follow read-only nodes), or `any` (listen_port connections follow write_leader, read_listen_port connections follow read-only nodes). Default is `default`. |

> When proxy_mode is set to `default`, all read options in the proxy config will be set to NULL. When it's set to `read-only`, all write options in the proxy config will be set to NULL. When set to `any` all options will be set to their defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When proxy_mode is set to `'default'`, all read options in the proxy config will be set to NULL. When it's set to `'read-only'`, all write options in the proxy config will be set to NULL. When set to `'any'` all options will be set to their defaults.
```

|--------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `node_group_name`  | text     |          | Name of group where the leadership transfer is requested.                                   |
| `leader_name`      | text     |          | Name of node that will become write leader.                                                 |

> | `transfer_method`  | text     | 'strict' | Type of the transfer. It can be 'fast' or the default, 'strict', which checks the maximum lag. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `transfer_method`  | text     | `'strict'` | Type of the transfer. It can be `'fast'` or the default, `'strict'`, which checks the maximum lag. |
```
